balancing work and family is in some ways, I think, kind of a myth. It's
not that you are doing both equally at all times. I think rather
instead, sometimes you're doing more work related stuff, and sometimes
you're doing more family related stuff. Um, I will say that the whole
process has gotten a lot easier is my kids have gotten older? Um,
but generally I would say it just kind of goes in season Sometimes,
you know, some days are much more work intensive and less family
intensive, and other days are more family intensive. One of the things
that I will say that I think I truly believe has helped me is I made
a very good choice in partner. So my husband, Brian, is a wonderful
parent, and he's a great partner to me. We both have careers that
we really enjoy, and we both really like our family. Um, but we split
our responsibilities both to our own careers and to our joint family,
um, pretty evenly, and I think that that's a real key factor in
in my personal success in being able to kind of do that pretty pretty
well